Song Zeyu didn't know you were here
Then you are not afraid that he knows not to be afraid.
You are you he is him
I can handle it
You are my friend too.
If you need anything in the future, just contact me directly.
I'll deliver it to you myself
Don't be so troublesome.
That's enough, you don't have to be afraid of trouble
i
What's the matter? Why Song Zeyu?
I don't have a good temper like you.
He just coaxes me
Of course, he was spoiled from an early age.
How do you know these favors?
How could he understand this?
I'm just a relic of his
Okay, forget about it.
Take it apart and see
You still think about him
One day you will regret it
Brother, I've said everything I have to say
I'll give you another half a month.
If the company's split screen doesn't get better
Then there's nothing we can do.
Mr. Li, please rest assured.
I just have to trouble Mr. Li
A few more exemptions for other suppliers
Give us more time.
You won't be disappointed.
OK
I'll go first then.
Feel free to contact if you have anything.